Fix grammar (#596)
solid/specification: README.md

# Solid Specifications

This repository contains the source code for the work on [Solid Technical Reports](https://solidproject.org/TR/) (TR) of the [W3C Solid Community Group](https://www.w3.org/community/solid/) (CG) to fulfill the requirements of the [Solid Project](https://solidproject.org/).

The CG operates under a [Charter](https://www.w3.org/community/solid/charter/).

> The Technical Reports (TRs) encompass specifications, use cases and requirements, best practices and guidelines, primers, and notes about the Solid ecosystem. The CG's Work Items are linked from the TR homepage.

Reviewer: TR was already named/abbreviated earlier but doesn't hurt =)

The Solid Protocol is accessible from the following URLs:

> - Latest version: [Solid Protocol](https://solidproject.org/TR/protocol)
> - Persistent version 0.10.0: [Protocol Version 0.10.0](https://solidproject.org/TR/2022/protocol-20221231)
> - Editor's draft: [Editor's Draft](https://solidproject.org/ED/protocol)

Reviewer: I'd much prefer to keep the URLs visible in this case to note the URL pattern. Hope you don't mind keeping it at is:

```suggestion
* Latest version: https://solidproject.org/TR/protocol
* Persistent version 0.10.0: https://solidproject.org/TR/2022/protocol-20221231
* Editor's draft: https://solidproject.org/ED/protocol
```

## Participation

All contributors to [Work Items](https://solidproject.org/TR/#work-items) must be substantive members of the Solid CG. Joining the CG is easy; if you'd like to contribute, you can [join here](https://www.w3.org/community/solid/join). Guests are welcome but do not have voting rights.

Feel free to join the [Solid specification chat](https://matrix.to/#/#solid_specification:gitter.im).

Meetings are held on Wednesdays at 14:00 UTC via [this link](https://meet.jit.si/solid-cg). The meetings are transcribed and [published](https://github.com/solid/specification/tree/main/meetings/). You can also find the event in the [W3C calendar](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/0caa6ba5-5523-4e16-b514-aeec098e4d72).

## Contributing

> For detailed instructions on getting started with our project, refer to the [contributing guide](https://github.com/solid/specification/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on getting started with our project, refer to the [contributing guide](https://github.com/w3c-cg/solid/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
